Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Stare at this for a while,
you ugly bastard.
What are you doing here?
I'm taking the specimen.
No. I haven't prepped
the chamber.
I don't want him frozen.
I want him soft.
We've already discussed this.
I had to go
over your head.
I'm moving him
to our Scranton Facility.
You can't risk taking him
through open country.
This isn't open for discussion.
His unique ability
to regenerate
lost and damaged tissue.
It just cries out for more research.
You'll risk the deaths
of innocent civilians if he escapes.
Yes.
But I'm sure Sergeant Marcus
and his men
can handle the transfer
just fine.
-Sergeant?
-Everything's under control, ma'am.
-Dr. Wimmer, please.
-He's no longer your problem.
Can we get that rag off him?
What the hell?
Oh, my God!
Get out of here.
What happened?
I'm sorry.
Cryogenic breach.
Emergency lock-down.
Oh, God, no!
No.
Kay-Em?
No viruses, no bacteria.
No toxins. It's clean.
-It's still cold.
-Wow.
What is that?
It's like a big kind
kind of frozen storage thing?
Probably a cryostasis unit.
I'd guess
early Port series.
Quadroport 11.
Manufactured in 2010.
Precise historic records
are inconsistent.
Anyone thinking
what I'm thinking?
Open it up.
-What the hell is that?
-Humanoid.
Organic composition
is unclear.
What's on his face?
Some kind of 20th-century
carbon filtration unit?
It's a hockey mask.
Very good, Tsunaron.
-What's a hockey mask?
-Facial armor
Used in a sport outlawed
in 2024.
Amazing.
Absolute museum-quality.
Are you paying attention,
Azrael?
Yeah.
Well, don't touch anything.
Guys.
We got another body here.
Kay-Em?
She's perfectly preserved.
Cell Crystallization
is at 25 percent.
25 percent?
Suggest nanotech and phase
one cell reconstruction.
Wait... Wait a minute, are you...
...are you saying that...
-...we can bring her back to life?
-Yes.
But she is deteriorating.
Opening the door has compromised
her hibernation.
Lou, get ready for dust-off.
We have a priority evac.
Copy that, ready in five.
Not five, now.
What the...?
Look out!
55 cc's of etherene. You'll be fine.
Fine? I'm missing my arm!
Oh, you're so pretty.
-Are the doors secure?
-Locked and blocked.
Beautiful.
Lift off in three,
two...
Yeah!
I love this part.
-What'd you find?
-You won't believe it.
Get the sarge on the horn.
Division four just entered
the occupied zone.
-Casualties?
-Minimal.
How'd we get this screwed-up gig?
I didn't join the corps
to be a babysitter.
-Brodski,
-Sarge, we found a viable.
Say again?
We found two bodies
in deep cryostasis.
Kay-Em unit thinks we can
resuscitate the female.
Female?
Yeah.
Crutch, do you copy?
Crutch, do you read me?
Wake the hell up.
-Yeah, what do you want?
-They're on their way back.
Power up the lab.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever.
-What does she look like?
-She's cute.
Yeah.
And single.
I'm so lonely.
We need to get her to the lab.
-You think you can bring her back?
-We'll find out, sergeant.
-You won't bring him back, will you?
-No, it's impossible.
Aw, shit. I forgot my arm.
Yeah, here you go, dumb-ass.
Hi, hand.
-Any idea how long she's been down?
-4.55 centuries.
Must've been one hell
of a wake-up call.
-I'm bitchy as hell when I wake up.
-Did you just wake up?
Kinsa.
-You guys always find the cool shit.
-Where's Waylander?
He's in lab one,
charging the bed now.
Find Stoney and Adrienne
and get to lab two.
Once we're in the clear, I'd like
to check your circuits.
-I'll bet you would.
-It isn't like that.
I need you in lab two.
-You found something?
-Two viables.
-In what condition?
-Perfect. We're attempting reanimation.
-What can I do?
-You, Stoney and Kinsa...
-They'll slow me down.
- Just walk them through it, okay?
Run a structural scan
and log them in.
-I'll check back later.
-Fine.
-Okay, where are we?
-Board's all green. The N-2's ready.
Begin stabilizing
-cell fractures.
-Yes, professor.
I need a scan. Glycerol levels,
cerebral profusion...
-...the works.
-I live to serve.
-Let's see what we have here.
Decrystalization of the membranes is
at 32 percent.
-Somebody get her clothes off.
-I got it!
I got it.
Honestly.
Where's her diffusion barriers?
Seventeen and stable.
Here we go.
Stay still or you'll get an elbow where
elbow where your wrist should be.
Specimen 4420 found in sector 39-30 L
on Earth prime.
Subject discovered
in cryosuspension.
-How's it going?
-Good. What's up?
-Where do you want this?
-On the specimen table.
-Hi, baby.
-Hey, gorgeous.
Initiating scan.
Smart and sexy.
Professor.
Take a look at this guy's
scan.
Amazing.
How'd he function
with that small brain?
-Way manages.
-That's very funny.
He's a big boy.
I bet he's hung
like a mammoth.
Get out of here and come back
when you're focused.
-You serious?
-Yes, just go.
-Thanks, Adrienne.
-Thanks.
Don't mention it.
See what you can salvage
from the optic cortex.
-Then move on.
-My pleasure, professor.
Ready phase two.
Bring on the ants.
That's it.
Come to mama.
Temperature, 96.2.
97.
Cool. It's working.
98.6 and holding.
Cell reconstruction is complete.
Internal defib
in three...
two, one.
Easy. Easy.
Vital signs are normal
and strong.
No shit.
Easy.
Did ya get him?
Where is he?
Tell me you got him.
Got who?
No one's here.
You're safe with us.
There was a leak
in the cryo-unit and...
Was he contained?
It was contained.
But when the cryo-unit ruptured,
you didn't escape it.
It put you into stasis.
For how long?
The year is 2455.
Now, I know this
is a huge shock...
but you'll be safe here.
You're aboard Grendel, a class-four,
catamaran transport ship.
We're on our way back home and...
you'll be just fine.
2455?
That's over 400 years.
Secure line. Perez, Dieter.
Solaris Research Station.
Connect.
Lowe. You bastard.
We've hit the mother lode.
Do you know what time it is?
I don't care.
We've got a goldmine.
A box of DVDs
is not a goldmine.
I've told you, I can't move them.
Look at the file.
Two 400-year-old frozen specimens.
One well-preserved...
One well-preserved,
the other one, are you ready
for this? Up and walking around.
400 years old
and walking around.
Yeah. 455 years,
to be exact.
Who cares? Who gives a shit?
People. They'll pay huge money
to see her.
Let me ask you a question.
Is this the first person
you've reanimated?
Of course not.
How many people
are out there today...
walking around thawed out
and looking good?
-Hundreds.
-Thousands.
Maybe.
But not 450 years old.
She's nearly twice
as old as anyone.
250, 450.
-What's the difference?
-Doctor,
a hundred years ago, when
reanimation was...
more unpredictable...
sure, maybe.
But now...
it's old news.
Damn it. I need money.
Oh, I know. I know.
The other viable
is marked "Voorhees."
That's not Jason Voorhees,
is it?
What do you know about him?
Jason Voorhees.
He killed
nearly 200 people...
and simply disappeared
without a trace.
Why, to the right buyer
he could be worth a fortune.
I've got him frozen here
on the ship.
You work out a list
of ownership?
No list. He's my find.
He's mine.
What about your students?
They're students. The educational
experience will be enough.
Doctor, doctor,
you are one son of a bitch.
Soon to be one rich son
of a bitch.
Lowe out.
Professor,
I think that...
we need to talk
about my midterm.
Poor baby. No wonder
you wore this thing.
Harder. Harder.
-Who's been a naughty little boy?
-I have.
Harder.
-A little harder? How's that?
-Yeah.
-Oh, good.
-How's that?
Yeah!
-Daddy wants it hard?
-Yeah!
-Yeah. That's it.
-Right there?
-You like it right there?
-Yeah.
A little harder for daddy?
Come on!
-Come on!
-You pass!
What do you think?
-Do you like them?
-They're fine.
Look, Kay-Em, I don't think
this is going to work.
-Why do you want those things?
-Janessa has them.
-Well, Janessa's...
-Real?
Yes.
Let's not complicate things,
all right?
I like you just
the way you are.
I think you're perfect.
Okay.
Help, Wayland! No!
Somebody help!
Help me! No!
No! No!
I brought you something
to eat.
Soon we'll be
at Earth Two.
Earth Two? What happened
to Earth One?
Yeah, well, it's dead.
The oceans, the soil,
either will sustain life.
Can I do anything else
for you?
You want to tell me
what happened?
I take it being stabbed
and frozen
-wasn't part of your plan.
-I'm a...
I was a project leader
at Crystal Lake Research.
The subject
as Jason Voorhees.
Jason Voorhees?
Notorious murderer?
We executed him
for the first time in 2008.
For the first time?
We tried everything.
Electrocution,
gas, firing squad.
We even hung him once.
Nothing worked.
We couldn't terminate him,
so we decided to contain him.
Cryogenic stasis.
Freeze him until we could figure
out what to do.
Seems sensible.
I thought so.
Unfortunately some people who were
too smart for their own good...
felt that a creature
that couldn't be killed was.
too valuable
to file away.
In the end, it always
comes down to money.
How do you thank someone
who gives you back your life?
You'll be alive for a long time.
We'll figure out something.
Why don't you just admit it?
You want me.
I could never be with a girl whose
balls are bigger than mine.
Guys, our star patient is back.
Tsunaron and Janessa.
-Hi.
I see that my clothes
fit okay.
These are yours. They're great.
Thank you.
-What are those?
-These are Janessa's love children.
You see now,
it is that wit of yours that is
what repels all human females.
And you've met
Sergeant Brodski.
-Yes. Hi, again.
-Hi.
And this
is the lovely Kay-Em 14.
Tsunaron's little
love-bot.
Easy, Janessa.
Kay-Em is a knowledge
matrix android.
-that I have been programing.
-Amazing.
She looks so real.
I am real.
-Professor, where do you want this?
-Lab two.
Where did you get that?
From your friend,
with the hockey mask.
You brought him
on board?
He's in the next lab.
We're safe.
Safe?
Our scans reveal him
to be very dead.
Could your scans be wrong?
Get rid of him.
He's too dangerous.
That would be irresponsible
and foolhardy.
He's a valuable scientific artifact
that must be carefully preserved.
Much like yourself.
He is an unstoppable
killing machine.
He's not dead.
Believe me.
He's definitely dead.
Show me.
I'm putting us
on lock-down.
Attention, we have
a hostile on board.
-Grunt team, report to weapons.
-The chick?
Repeat, we have
a hostile on board.
Grunt team, report to weapons.
Everyone else, get to lab one.
-Baby, I'm not ready yet.
-Hurry up.
Grunt team's assembled.
Dallas is a no-show.
-Sergeant.
-Where the hell is he?
-I don't know, sarge.
-Damn.
Look, sergeant,
we need to talk.
-Do you have all your kids yet?
-Yes.
Oh, God!
Stoney...
-Stoney's dead.
-Oh, my God.
Stoney's dead.
Kicker! I want full armor
and tac.
I want nothing left of this guy
by the time we reach Solaris.
Roger that.
Let's get moving!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Nothing left of him?
Take your kids to lab one and stay
there till you hear from me.
I just saved your ass.
Don't get cocky.
You must feel like a wuss,
huh, big boy?
-Check the score. It's still 9-3.
-Yeah,
but I got my groove
on now.
So, what do you say
next kill wins?
Lock and load, killer.
You're going down.
You are so going down.
What the hell?
-I thought this was an alien sim.
-Yeah, it is.
Pause play.
-I said, pause play.
-He's not pausing.
No kidding.
I think we need to reboot.
That does not count
as a kill.
Yes it does.
Okay, screw this.
Game over.
What the hell?
Drop the kid!
Drop the kid! Now!
Azrael, get out of here!
-I got him! I got him!
-I got no shot!
Move!
Sergeant Brodski.
Don't leave those kids alone.
What's wrong with you?
We're near Solaris.
They have
7 fully equipped unit
that can deal with this.
I say we wait
and sedate him.
-I am taking this guy out.
-I need him alive.
What you need is to get out
of my way.
Look, there
are other considerations.
Financial considerations.
My only consideration is the safety
of the people on this ship.
All right, a hundred thousand.
Two hundred.
-Five.
-Five?
-Dallas not here yet?
-Nope.
Briggs, find him,
bring him up to speed.
Condor, you have a BFG?
You're with me. Sven, Geko,
you got the starboard pontoon.
Sarge, what do we do
when we find him?
I promised the doc
we'd take him alive.
Man!
So, after you blow him to hell, put
one in his leg so we can say we tried.
Yeah.
-Sarge, I got Dallas.
-Where the hell is he?
He's dead.
Sarge, we got a body
in bay two.
-Who is it?
-It's Azrael.
What the hell's going on?
Got a blood trail heading
toward the cargo bay.
Condor, Kicker
and I will take cargo.
Rest of you take portside.
I hope they know
what they're doing.
These guys live
for this stuff.
Sorry.
-Don't do that!
-Dude.
-What?
-You scream like a girl.
-Screw you.
-You wish.
Lou, is that you?
I swear, you mess
with an engineer...
you'll wake up with a waste hose
in your bunk.
Asshole.
What the hell?
Crutch, get down now!
-What the hell's going on here?
-Crutch,
out now!
You wrecked my stuff, man.
We nailed him.
He must be here.
Condor, airborne.
Briggs.
Where the hell's Sven?
Condor, anything topside?
Negative, sarge.
No sign of him.
This won't work.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Everything's under control.
Condor, report.
Sven, report.
Report!
Damn!
Sarge, we found Condor.
What's his condition?
He's screwed.
Let's smoke this fucker.
God!
Sarge...
Sven's dead.
Jesus.!
-You have got to get them out of there.
-They know what they're doing.
Oh, man!
Geko. Geko.
I got him!
Yes, yes.
See, they got him.
Don't take your eyes
off him.
I'm on my way.
Take your time.
He ain't going nowhere.
Briggs...
get out of here.
Kicker. Briggs.
Where are you, damn it?
He's all alone in there.
It'll take more than a poke
in the ribs to put down this old dog.
Yeah,
that ought to do it.
Such a waste.
I told him to stay calm.
To wait until we got to Solaris and
then we could take care of this...
monster.
I said,
"Don't go in unprepared."
Brodski was just too proud.
Who locked the damn door?
Somebody wants to tell me
what is going on?
Grunts are dead.
-Which ones?
-All of them.
Oh, man!
Lou, how long
till we reach Solaris?
I'm taking us out
of hyperdrive now.
Kids and their goddamn
field trips, you know?
Just bring a psycho on board.
I know I'll get blamed
for this shit.
Solaris to Grendel, we have you on
approach. Stand by for docking number.
Grendel to Solaris, we need
military and medical at the gate.
We got a big problem here.
Real goat fuck.
Grendel, what's your problem?
What's your problem?
Look...
we'll be all right.
He's trapped in the cargo bay.
We're locked in here.
Can the Solaris grunts
kill him?
Absolutely.
I've been in constant contact
with Solaris.
Sixty highly
trained professionals
are standing by to get us
off this ship.
Solaris to Grendel, pull up.
Abort docking.
You're coming in too fast.
Grendel...
What now?
-Warning. Prepare for impact.
-Hang on!
What's going on?
What the hell's going on?
Everyone okay?
What just happened?
-Waylander.
-Yeah.
We overshot it. We'll turn
around and go back.
Hang on.
Oh, my God!
Solaris is gone.
Gone?
-It can't be gone.
-Look. It's gone.
What are we going to do?
Lou.
What sort of damage
we looking at?
I'm sending out
a distress beacon.
-Lou?
-Guys...
We've lost
our entire port pontoon.
-The internal pressure is stable.
-The main...
-thrusters are offline.
-Life support?
We should be okay
for a while.
-But he's out there.
-We'll be fine.
We're in a high-volume traffic lane.
Another ship'll come by.
We'll be safe here.
Shut up!
What are you doing?
Maybe he gave up.
You really think so?
I don't think he's out there.
Why don't you just stick your head
out and have a peek?
Oh, my God! Go! Go!
Janessa, go!
Move it, move it, move it!
Come on!
Let's go!
Where's professor Lowe?
Hi.
Look...
do you know
how valuable you are?
I mean, fame, money.
With my help, you're going
to have it all.
I know people.
I have connections!
Together we can make
a fortune.
We can.
Oh, shit!
You want your machete back.
Shit, it's yours, take it.
Just remember
who saved it for you.
Guys, it's okay! He just wanted
his machete back!
I'm going to go back
to my room because Stoney's
meeting me there.
All right, look. How do
we get off this ship?
I don't know.
Could you beam us off
or something?
"Beam us off?"
The shuttle.
What about it, Crutch?
Yeah, I can do prelaunch
from the bridge.
Good. The rest of us'll head
to the shuttle.
We'll start...
I'm with you, Crutch.
-You know how to use that thing?
-Yep.
Like riding a bike. Once you learn,
you never forget.
Kay-Em and I will go to the supply
hold. Meet you at the shuttle bay.
-See you there.
-See there.
What's a bike?
We've enough fire power
to level a moon.
Let's pack up and head
for the shuttle.
So, you think we'll make it?
The statistical probability
of survival is 12 percent.
Twelve percent? Can't you come up
with better odds?
-No.
-Bullshit, Kay-Em! That's bullshit!
Preparation for launch
may be a simple procedure,
but getting there alive?
It is a problem.
You telling me that there's
absolutely no chance
for us to better
our odds?
Statistical probability of survival
just went up to...
fifty-three percent.
Want to go for a hundred?
He's here.
Quiet.
But if he's in here,
he'll kill us...
Quiet!
One more sound, and I'll snap
your neck myself.
Got it?
She's good with people.
Did you see that?
-What?
-I think someone's alive over there.
We don't have time for this.
-Which way is the shuttle bay?
-Straight through.
Go. I'll meet you there.
Just...
don't wreck my pants.
Come on, girl.
We're going home.
Ah, Lou!
Jesus, that's twisted.
Course, I've seen worse.
Okay, let's get to work.
Brodski?
Okay...
We'll get you out of here.
Oh, God!
I'll go get help,
and I'll be back.
Give me your vest.
-Bastard.
-Hey...
Lucky you weren't alive during
the Microsoft conflict.
We were beating each other
with our own severed limbs.
That's nice.
Okay.
Let's get us home.
Kinsa, are you there?
Yes, ma'am.
Crutch?
Prepare for fuel transfers.
Cells six and seven bypass.
Hydraulic lifters.
Pressurized and dampened.
-It's Brodski, he's alive.
-No shit.
I can't move him. Are Way
and Crutch back?
-No, they're still on the bridge.
-I need help.
Hey, guys.
Brodski's still alive but Rowan
can't move him by herself.
Go. I can handle it
from here.
Tell them I'm on my way.
Watch your back.
Crutch, how are we doing
for time?
With a giant shitload
of good luck...
...we might be
ready to go.
Good.
Rowan.
-Where's Brodski?
-He was here.
I don't get it.
And I am going home.
Lowe!
Shit!
I got company here,
people!
Let's go.
Kinsa, open the door.
Open
the damn door!
What's going on?
Why aren't you on board?
Kinsa won't open the door.
She's lost it...
and it's a really bad time
for this!
Janessa, gently.
Give me the com.
Kinsa, honey, it's Rowan.
I need you to open the door.
No.
It's all over, honey.
We can go home.
All you need to do
is open the door.
No.
Oh, shit. Come on, guys.
Guys!
Jesus Christ!
Open the goddamn door!
No! The fuel lines
are still attached!
Kinsa!
Now what?
I...
Now, basically,
we die.
Bullshit!
Okay, new plan.
You hold him and I'll run.
Hey, slappy!
Got a little something
for you.
Oh, wow!
Gave her an upload.
Afraid I'll have
to hurt you now.
Kay-Em!
That...
That didn't go so well.
Got you!
Yeah.
Hey!
Giddy up!
I had it under control,
but thanks.
My pleasure.
Yeah.
-You did it.
-Kay-Em.
Who's your mama?
All right.
How you doing there, Brodski?
-I'm all right.
-Come on, let's get you patched up.
What a mess.
Lab two.
Tsunaron,
is he gonna make it?
Absolutely. He's
at 80 percent already.
This guy is strong.
What the hell?
Way?
Trouble. The collision
has compromised the hull.
She's bleeding out.
Oh, no. No, no,
no.
-Tiamat to Grendel, do you read?
Over.
-Yes!
Tiamat, this is Grendel,
we read you. Can you hear us?
That's affirmative.
We are reading
your distress beacon.
-Are you in need of assistance?
-That's very affirmative, Tiamat.
How soon can you get here?
Our situation
is extremely critical.
We're four parsecs away,
Grendel.
ETA, 45 minutes.
We don't have that much time.
Tiamat, this is Grendel.
We'll have a core implosion
in less than 30 minutes.
Do you copy?
We copy you, Grendel?
Advise how you'd like us
to proceed.
We'll take them down
with us.
Tiamat...
if you can't get here in 30 minutes,
there's no point.
What?! Are you high?! Tiamat,
this is Grendel.
You just ignore that last idiot.
You get your ass out here,
okay?
You come here
and you save us.
Why can't we just go
over here?
It's no good. The pontoon goes,
it'll take the bridge with it.
Not if we disconnect
these walkways.
You can't just disconnect them.
We could blow it up.
There's macrocharge
in the weapons
This could work.
We're going
to try something.
If you're game, maintain your current
course and speed...
and hopefully we'll see you
when you get here.
Copy.
See you in 45 minutes.
-Good luck, Grendel.
-Thanks.
Let's blow the walkways.
Come on.
Let's set the charges.
Who's got the remote?
-Right here.
-We'll meet up in walkway "B."
Go.
-All set.
-Good to go.
Hold together, baby.
Impossible.
-He's dead.
-I'd say he got better.
-He's been modified.
-Oh, you think?
Can you take him?
I can try.
You guys might want to run.
Kay-Em!
No!
Waylander!
Brodski, get in here, now!
Come on, guys!
Come on!
What the hell is going on?
Jason Voorhees
is what's going on.
-Blow the charges!
-Waylander's got the trigger!
Hey...
Asshole.
I think she's holding.
I think we're finally okay.
I'd clap if I could.
Tiamat to Grendel...
Come in, Grendel.
We have you vectored for approach
and emergency docking.
You ready
to get off that boat?
Yeah.
Let's go home.
Holy shit!
We got to go! Now!
No!
Janessa!
Don't let go!
Grab her hand!
Janessa!
Reach out!
Reach for it!
Come on!
Oh, this sucks on
so many levels!
Janessa!
Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Janessa!
Shit, he's still coming!
-Oh, shit!
-Come on.
Go!
-Which way?
-This way! This way!
Tiamat, we're
at the evac door.
So am I, Grendel.
Lifeline secured.
Initiate collar
pressurization.
Tiamat, open the outer doors.
Damn!
-What now?
-Let's get that bolt open.
I've got this.
Let me try an override.
Shit! Oh, shit!
Come on, come on.
Our exterior motor's got
no power.
-What does that mean?
-Means I'm going EVA.
-What's EVA?
-It's a space walk.
If he can jump the lines,
we can reroute them.
Hopefully, that door'll open
before this blows up.
-Sounds like a good plan.
-Tiamat, this is Grendel.
Our escape hatch is jammed. We're
going EVA to try to patch it up.
You'd better get a move on.
I'm in the maintenance hatch.
We read you.
Opening outer doors.
Those hatches won't keep him
that much longer.
We need to buy more time.
You're the expert on him,
right?
-What are you thinking?
-A diversion.
I'm at the control panels.
Rowan, are you there?
Yes.
I'll divert the main power supply
and send it to you.
Gotcha.
See the bright blue diode?
Connect it to the terminal.
Was that you or me?
That was another part
of your hull, Grendel.
You are running out of time.
Just a few more minutes.
We can disengage and come
around again.
Negative.
Just another minute.
We'll stand by
as long as we can.
-You ready, Kay?
-I was built ready, baby.
Initiate.
It's working.
He's buying it.
-Whoops.
-What do you mean, "Whoops"?
Nothing.
Not nothing.
You don't just say "oops."
I think he saw me.
Oh, man!
If you've got something brilliant,
now’s the time to do it.
I got something.
Prepare variations using data file
Crystal Lake, 1980.
Kay?
Here goes nothing.
Initiate.
-You want a beer?
-Or want to smoke some pot?
Or we can have premarital sex.
We love premarital sex.
Try it now, Rowan.
Here we go.
You piece of crap!
He's done with the campers.
He's good!
Too good.
He's coming back.
Try it again.
It's engaged!
The door's engaged!
Brodski, you are the man!
Will we see you sometime
soon?
I'm on my way.
Brodski, where are you?!
Grendel, we can't keep
pressure lock.
We'll disengage in forty seconds.
Kay-Em.
Ten, nine, eight,
seven, six,
five, four,
three, two, one.
-Clear!
-No!
No, wait!
Disconnect.
He's coming this way.
You've got to be kidding me.
Brodski!
He's gone.
I can't believe it.
Tsun?
Kay-Em. Are you okay?
I'll be back on my feet.
As soon as I have some.
I'll get right on it.
It's beautiful.
-Look at that.
-A shooting star.
Make a wish.
It landed in the lake.
Let's go check it out.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org